README.md, before:

# ProEncahters

Enchanting Assistance Add-On for players running enchanting services for other players.

If you find any issues feel free to join https://discord.gg/9CMhszeJfu and send a message in support.


# Update 4.8
-Added localization for the potential customer alerts for searching channels, previously if a message sent a chat in the "Trade - City" channel it would not trigger for french/german/etc as the channel names change based on language, it should not work regardless of the language of the local wow client
-Added ability to import/export your !command lists
-Updated supporters list

# Update 4.7
-Changed how buttons are created in the trade screen to try and optimize when players are trading items to avoid frame skipping
-Fixed the All Req's button not allowing you to remove all enchants

# Update 4.6
-Changed Thank emote to only happy when there is a thank you message attached, clearing the thank you message from the settings will now also disable the emote
-Modified color settings and separated many elements colors into their own categories for more customization, also added an opacity changer for changing fields that have an opacity
-Added ability to more finely select the channels you want to get potential customer alerts from

Commit message:

Changed main trade window buttons and other fixes

README.md, after:

# ProEncahters

Enchanting Assistance Add-On for players running enchanting services for other players.

If you find any issues feel free to join https://discord.gg/9CMhszeJfu and send a message in support.

## Update 4.9
-Changed: The trade window enchant buttons will now immediately cast the enchant on the item in the tradeslot7 and will also accept the replace enchant button immediately, you no longer need to hover the item in this frame and click on it and then click on the accept popup if there is an overwrite.
-Fixed(hopefully): Localization issues with french and spanish for using the enchants and syncing enchants
-Changed: /pe reset will now also reset the main windows size incase it gets stuck in an infinitely scaled size

## Update 4.8
-Added localization for the potential customer alerts for searching channels, previously if a message sent a chat in the "Trade - City" channel it would not trigger for french/german/etc as the channel names change based on language, it should not work regardless of the language of the local wow client
-Added ability to import/export your !command lists
-Updated supporters list

## Update 4.7
-Changed how buttons are created in the trade screen to try and optimize when players are trading items to avoid frame skipping
-Fixed the All Req's button not allowing you to remove all enchants

## Update 4.6
-Changed Thank emote to only happy when there is a thank you message attached, clearing the thank you message from the settings will now also disable the emote
-Modified color settings and separated many elements colors into their own categories for more customization, also added an opacity changer for changing fields that have an opacity
-Added ability to more finely select the channels you want to get potential customer alerts from
