ToDo.md, before:

### ToDo

# Add Minimap Setting Toggle in options - Done
Self

# Ignore Temporary Function - Done
-Add Temporary Add-on Ignore function, maybe an "Ignore for this session" type function
-Add button to pop up for inviting the player with Add-on Ignore function
-Add context menu Ignore for this session
-Add Ignore for this session to other places like /pe *name* command or maybe even the addon window itself beside the 'target' button, clicking on -the button again could remove from temporary ignore
-Addon start -> Set table as []
-Temporary function -> When clicked, add player to a table with the recorded system time
-Temporary function -> When clicked and player exists, remove from table
-Chat_msg_system checks -> Add a check to go against the temporary ignore list -> search table for player, if found compare current time to saved -time -> ignore invite if criteria met
-Add a way to check for players who are temporarily ignored, either a new window or just a /pe command printout
-Add a /pe clear temporary ignore list command to avoid having to reload ui or relaunch client to wipe it clean
-Add an option in settings to change the saved time, time in minutes maybe? Set to 0 to disable the ability to temporarily ignore or to keep -temporary ignore until new session?

# Check into being able to swap work order sorting in the window from high to low
Add a button on the main window with a v^ type symbol to swap sorting order

# Fix the manual invite - no welcome msg whisper functions - done
Make a table where it records if a player was invited by the addon or manually
If not in table -> no welcome message if enabled
Need to change current table from an indexed player name to a name = typeofinvite, include customerinvite as a type, return on the CheckAddonInvite and if its a whisperinvite do not send the party invite/party invite failed messages

# Add Alt flavors and .tocs - done
Vanilla, TBC, Wrath, Cata, Retail - done, need MoP?

# Add to Enchants.lua a tag for flavor of wow
Add ability to change enchants loaded into addon based on flavor of wow
Maybe create new helper/enchants.lua files for each flavor of wow to keep things separate, can set which ones to load in toc and keep all tables named the same

# Add ability to pause invites - done

Commit message:

Add files via upload
Added PEafkmode toggle

ToDo.md, after:

### ToDo's

- Check into being able to swap work order sorting in the window from high to low
Add a button on the main window with a v^ type symbol to swap sorting order

- Create Enchants.lua's for each flavor of wow and localizations, modify .toc's to load proper version of enchants
Might be better to seperate localizations from general stuff (chat channels and messages) and enchants so that only enchant localizations need to be updated in each file

### ToDo's that need testing

### Done ToDo's

- Add ability to pause invites

- Add Alt flavors and .tocs
Vanilla, TBC, Wrath, Cata, Retail - done, need MoP?

- Fix the manual invite - no welcome msg whisper functions
Make a table where it records if a player was invited by the addon or manually
If not in table -> no welcome message if enabled
Need to change current table from an indexed player name to a name = typeofinvite, include customerinvite as a type, return on the CheckAddonInvite and if its a whisperinvite do not send the party invite/party invite failed messages

- Ignore Temporary Function
Add Temporary Add-on Ignore function, maybe an "Ignore for this session" type function
Add button to pop up for inviting the player with Add-on Ignore function
Add context menu Ignore for this session
Add Ignore for this session to other places like /pe *name* command or maybe even the addon window itself beside the 'target' button, clicking on -the button again could remove from temporary ignore
Addon start -> Set table as []
Temporary function -> When clicked, add player to a table with the recorded system time
Temporary function -> When clicked and player exists, remove from table
Chat_msg_system checks -> Add a check to go against the temporary ignore list -> search table for player, if found compare current time to saved -time -> ignore invite if criteria met
Add a way to check for players who are temporarily ignored, either a new window or just a /pe command printout
Add a /pe clear temporary ignore list command to avoid having to reload ui or relaunch client to wipe it clean
Add an option in settings to change the saved time, time in minutes maybe? Set to 0 to disable the ability to temporarily ignore or to keep -temporary ignore until new session?

- Add Minimap Setting Toggle in options
Self
